Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Thanks for
the ride home, evan.
- Sure.
You didn't mind sitting
through my practice?
Oh, no no no,
not at all.
You look cute
in your uniform.
- I'm on the swim team.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
- Oh, uh, evan,
this is my brother gabe.
- Gabe, this is evan.
- Wait a minute.
- Don't I know you
from somewhere?
- I don't think so.
I've definitely
seen you before.
Hey, why don't you go
check your room?
Lots of really good
clues there.
- I should get going.
See you tomorrow?
- Bye.
Yeah.
Oh god.
Thanks a lot.
What did I do?
He's been driving
me home every day
for the past two weeks.
I think he was finally
going to ask me out
Until you scared him off
with all your talking
And pointing and-- ugh.
I'm sorry,
but he looks familiar.
Was he my camp counselor?
No no no, he seemed
afraid of me,
But not that afraid of me.
Why would a totally hot guy
like evan know you?
What's wrong with me?
Slegowart!
You say things
like "slegowart."
No no, slegowart
is a character in pokeo.
That's how I know evan--
from the game store.
Evan plays pokeo?
That nerdy card game
with those stupid
cartoon creatures?
No.
Evan plays pokeo,
the fantasy card game
That requires a keen level
of skill and strategy.
But why would evan play that?
That's for little kids.
Wigimon is for little kids.
Pokeo is for nine and up.
How is that possible?
Now the cute hot guy
is a secret nerd?
Well, many of us in the world
of fantasy card games
Are considered
quite attractive.
( rock music playing )
♪ day's all burnt toast ♪
♪ running late,
disaster ♪
♪ has anybody
seen my left shoe? ♪
♪ I close my eyes,
take a bite ♪
♪ I grab a ride,
laugh out loud ♪
♪ there it is
up on the roof ♪
♪ I've been there,
I've survived ♪
♪ so just take
my advice ♪
♪ hang in there, baby ♪
♪ things are crazy ♪
♪ but I know
your future's bright ♪
♪ hang in there, baby ♪
♪ there's no maybe ♪
♪ everything
turns out all right ♪
♪ your life
is up and down ♪
♪ but trust me,
it comes back around ♪
♪ you're gonna love
who you turn out to be ♪
♪ hang in there, baby. ♪
( sighing )
- Mom's home!
- Hey, honey!
Hey, the banquet's tonight.
Did you rent me a tux?
- It's right over there.
- Okay.
Did you get me the one
that makes me look like
james bond?
Yeah, honey, I got you
the magic tux.
Mom, did you type my report?
You know, because of
my broken finger?
- Yes, I typed your report.
- What's it about?
- The civil war.
- What's my take?
- Why don't you read it?
- No, that's the teacher's job.
Mom, I'm hungry.
Is there anything to eat?
What's that thing filled
with food right next to you?
Dad?
Hey, mom,
could you help out
With my school car wash
on Saturday morning?
Honey, that's my only day
off work.
Perfect.
So you're free.
All right,
bring your own chamois.
Okay okay, stop.
I need five minutes
of peace, please.
That is a wonderful idea.
You just sit there and relax.
Thank you.
- I'm not seeing the bow tie--
- oh my-- okay, come on.
Let's go, charlie.
You're the only one
who isn't annoying me
right now.
There's no cover page.
Boom.
( cooing )
Where's my nose?
That's my nose.
That's great.
What else do you know?
Where's my ear?
That's my ear.
Where's my eye?
Ow!  Ow.
Oh my gosh.
- Wow, she got me.  Ow.
- What?
Ow, charlie poked me
in the eye.
Oh, I can't open my eye.
Bob, it really hurts.
Mom, maybe you should
get it checked out.
Teddy, I'm a nurse.
I don't need you
to tell me
When I need to get
something checked out.
Bob, I need
to get this
checked out.
Well, amy, it doesn't
look like your cornea
is scratched.
I'm going to prescribe
some drops.
Wear this eyepatch overnight
and you'll be good to go.
You mean go,
as in go home?
Well, that's good news,
isn't it?
Well, home is where
the cooking and cleaning
And laundry and homework
and husband and kids and--
( crying )
I don't wanna go home.
But there's nothing
wrong with you.
- ( crying continues )
- well, with your eye.
Can't you just
keep me overnight
for observation?
Amy, as a nurse you know
that's not appropriate.
This is not a hotel.
You know what else isn't
appropriate, dr. Meyers?
Telling people you're
working at the free clinic
When you're really
playing 18 holes
At the denver
country club.
I think you'll enjoy
room 207.
Where's mom?
Oh no, she didn't
make it, did she?
Your mom is going
to be fine.
No, I'm talking
about the meatloaf.
She didn't make it,
did she?
You know, the concern
you have for the woman
Who gave birth to you
is overwhelming.
She was going
to wrap it in bacon.
Really?
Wait a minute.
What am I thinking about?
I've got my banquet
tonight.
Hey, you wanna
come with?
Denver pest control
association puts on
quite a do.
- I don't know.
- Why not?
Because I had trouble
staying awake during
that sentence.
Are you telling me
you don't wanna see
your old man
Win the exterminator
of the year award?
Oh right, that award
you think you're going
to win every year,
But you don't because
murray always does.
Look, there is no way
that the same guy
- Can win every year.
- Why not?
The same guy loses
every year.
All right, you know what?
Enough about murray.
Do you wanna see your father
win the award or not?
Murray's my dad?
- ( knocking at door )
- teddy: Mom?
Oh my--
How are you feeling?
- Oh, a little better.
- Yeah?
But I miss you
and charlie and...
The others.
I'm glad one of us
is doing well.
That's nice.
Thank you for coming.
Mom, I just got here.
Oh right.  Ha.
Well, how are you?
Well, actually
there's this boy evan
That I really like,
but, um...
I found out something
kind of disturbing about him.
He's into pokeo.
Pokeo?  That thing
gabe likes?
Well, honey, what would
you see in a guy like that?
Well, this is evan
at a swim meet.
Yeah, that explains that.
Well, honey,
no one's perfect.
Everyone has their flaws.
You think I was thrilled
when I found out your
father was into bugs?
But you got over it?
Yeah, that's what I did--
got over it.
Look, honey, relationships
are about compromise.
If you really like
this guy,
Try being interested
in things he's interested in.
On my second date
with your father
I threw out three facts
about bark beetles.
Ha ha,
the man was mine.
Well, I've taken up
enough of your time.
Mom, didn't you get poked
in the other eye?
No no, it was--
it was this eye.
I'm pretty sure
it was the other one.
No no no no.
Oh gosh,
let mama rest, dear.
Let mama rest.
( groans )
Okay, let's do this
one more time.
I'm putting down
my dragony card.
What's your
counterattack?
Um...
- Weepok?
You played a weepok
when you could have played
a scalamaster?
Scalamaster-- that's--
that's the octopus dude
With the suction cup
thingies?
Vortexes.
They're called vortexes.
You know what?
I can't work with you.
You have no respect
for the mythical world
of dort.
Oh no.
Gabe, please, just give me
one more chance.
Forget it.
- This is hopeless.
- You're right.
I feel like gasio going up
against misrod.
Wait a minute.
That wasn't wrong.
- It wasn't?
- No no.
Gasio would have no chance
against misrod because?
Because grass power
is no match for
volcano power?
Yes yes yes!
Wow, teachers really do
make a difference.
- ( knocking at door )
- bob: Honey?
Honey?  Hey.
How are you feeling,
sweetie?
( mumbles )
I've been better.
Well, I got something
that's going to help
cheer you up.
Tada!
Exterminator of the year!
You won?
That is fantastic!
Oh, honey,
I'm so proud of you!
I gave a great big speech
and everything.
- Aw, did you say
something nice about me?
- Of course I did.
P.J., he got the whole thing
recorded on his phone.
- Show her the speech.
- Yeah, let me see it.
Dad, can I speak to you
outside for a second?
- What?
- Yeah.
- What the heck are you doing?
- Go go go.
- You can't show mom
that video.
- Why not?
- Because you don't thank her.
- Oh, that's ridiculous.
- You don't even mention her.
- Of course I did.
Let's take a look.
Okay.  Oh, man,
where do I start?
Oh yeah,
in your face, murray!
Huh?
I want to--
You know what?
I want to thank my kids
p.J., teddy, gabe, charlie,
Who make me want to work
so hard every day.
Oh, and how about a shout-out
to all the bugs out there, huh?
Without whom none of us
would be here.
( laughs )
Most importantly
I want to thank
One very special lady
tonight--
My waitress!
Iris!
Keep 'em comin', baby!
I'm a winner!
Wow, that's not good.
Oh man.
What am I gonna do?
- You could tell mom
the truth.
- Or?
I could tell mom
the truth?
Or?
We could sneak out of here
and think of something later?
Ding ding ding ding.
Thanks again
for giving me a ride.
Thanks again for waiting
till my swim practice was over.
Thank me?
Thank you.
- Same time tomorrow?
- Yeah, sounds good.
- All right.
- Hey, could you
do me a favor
And grab my keys
out of my backpack?
Sure.
You have pokeo cards?
Oh no, you weren't
supposed to see those.
I'm so embarrassed.
Don't be.
I'm into pokeo too.
Wait, what?
I didn't want to
say anything because...
I was afraid you'd
think I was weird.
Wait, yeah, that's why
I didn't want to say
anything to you.
My dream is to become
a level-four card master
And earn
my gorgonic shield.
That's my dream.
Wait, what?
Will you go out
with me?
Does scalamaster
have vortexes?
Yeah.
Are you sure
this is going to work?
Trust me, it's going
to look exactly like
your real acceptance speech.
But you might want
to move charlie.
Huh?  Oh okay.
Come here, sweetie.
Come on.
Let's help daddy
deceive mommy.
Okay let's make
some magic, bobby.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
On.  Action!
Hey hey!
Hey, okay, whoo.
I have-- no.
No no no.
( stuttering )
I want to--
I want to thank my wife
amy b. Duncan.
Cut.  Dad, you are
stiff as a board.
- Help me.
- Show me some emotion.
Okay.
All right, action.
( crying )
Thank you for this award.
This is one
of the great moments
of my life.
- ( ringing )
- cut.  I gotta take this.
Hello?
Oh no, I'm not
doing anything.
What's going on?
Sorry I had
to bring charlie
on our first date.
I kind of thought
my mom would be out
of the hospital by now.
Actually I'm excited
you brought her.
She's going to make this
even better.
Yeah, what is this anyway?
What are we doing?
- We're going to larp.
- Larp?
"larp" stands for
"live action role-play."
Anyone can play pokeo
with cards,
But when you
put on the costumes
and you act it out,
It takes it
to a whole new level.
Oh, you're joking, right?
Oh, you're not joking.
Guys, this is teddy
and charlie.
Teddy and charlie,
this is slugmar,
Weepok, scalamaster,
and gulagon.
You brought girls.
We've never had girls.
Okay.
Well, since
we're not really dressed
For the whole larping thing,
Charlie and I are just
going to go sit over here
while you guys play.
Oh, no no no, don't worry.
I thought of everything.
And the best part is
we're out in public.
Oh, bad news, mom.
You got a b-
on my civil war report.
Not your best work.
I'll try harder
next time.
So, honey,
ready to see
my big speech?
That I shot
with my phone...
At the hotel...
The other night.
Just hit "play."
- ( applause )
- thank you, thank you,
thank you.
Thank you,
denver pest control
association.
Not a very nice
hotel this year.
Uh, it's budget cuts.
( clears throat )
You know, winning
an award like this
is incredible,
But I'm already a winner
Because of
my wonderful wife amy.
When I think about
this amazing woman...
I get all emotional.
Wait, what is that?
P.J., rewind.
There, pause.
- Bob, what's going on?
- All right, look...
( sighs )
Honey, the truth is
in all the excitement
of that night
With the award
and the lights--
I don't know.
I just-- I forgot
to thank you.
And then we made the tape
to cover up the lie
And I just--
I'm really really sorry.
Look, bob, I really--
I appreciate the effort,
But why did you have
to lie to me?
I mean if we don't
have honesty,
What do we have here?
Mom, according to
your chart,
It says there's nothing
wrong with your eye
And you should have
gone home yesterday.
Hey, you wanna pretend
the last minute of our lives
never happened?
What last minute?
Our two peoples have been
in conflict for many years.
Boys: Mm.
Today the final
battle begins.
Chicapu is supposed to say,
"assume the positions
And prepare for
the gorgonic war."
- Charlie, say "go."
- go!
Chicapu has spoken.
Let the battle commence!
- Wardart, come quick!
- ( boy yelling )
Ha!  Feel my wrath,
you knaves!
Never!
Vengeance will be mine
in the name of gorgon.
Hey, evan, evan,
what am I supposed to do?
- Reality!
- For crying out loud.
You can't call me
by my human name.
- I'm slegowart.
- I'm sorry, slegowart.
No, now I'm evan.
Okay, guys, we've been
in reality for too long.
Game on!
Ooh!
I am wounded.
Chicapu, you're a worthy
adversary indeed.
Quick, wardart,
throw your fireball.
No, not at me.
No, not--
Ha ha, dead!
You are dead.
What is wrong with you?
Well, you told me
to throw it.
Not at me.
I'm out of the game now.
Well, can't you just call
backsies or something?
Backsies?
What are you, five?
Oh, I'm five?
You're the one
running around the park
Dressed like a giant frog.
( boys gasp )
I am a magic toad.
Yes yes, you are,
Which means
I must now leave
The mythical land
of nerdingham,
For I have lost interest
No matter how good
thou looketh in a swimsuit.
Chicapu, away!
Come here, you.
Okay.
So you brought
that girl here
on a date?
Yeah.
So it's almost as if
I were on a date.
Hey, charlie.
Listen, when you
get to be my age,
Don't pretend
to be someone you're not
just to impress a guy.
I just learned that.
I also learned that
if you walk home
from the park
Dressed like
a giant chicken,
You're going to be
chased by a dog.
Hey, did you touch
my pokeo cards?
- No.
- Liar!
There's a bent corner
on my slugmar card.
Mom!
Oh, one more thing.
If you fall for a guy
with something in common
with gabe,
Good luck, charlie.
( doorbell rings )
- Lewis!
- Hello, mr. D.
Come on in.
Hey, teddy,
lewis is here.
Actually I came here
to talk to you, bob.
- Can I call you bob?
- Can you?
It would be my pleasure.
Well, bob,
as you know
I've been spending
a lot of time with teddy
And things are going
very well.
And amy and I are absolutely
thrilled about that.
My future is bright, sir.
I have a good part-time job
at the comic book store.
- I own my own bike.
- I think I know where
this is headed.
I guess what I'm trying
to say is...
I'd like your permission
to ask teddy
To be my g-girlfriend.
- Welcome to the family, son.
- ( mouths word )
Reality!
Well, thank you
for the larp,
mr. Duncan.
Just go wash
the car, lewis.
Yes, sir.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org